everybody welcome back syndrome the land
please the binding of issac answereth +
sir we did I mean great work with Isaac
last time we beat was that with that
rock that's hush is it a rock or is it
the sweat drops emoji from the telephone
and also probably the emoji movie read
mode with Azazel - on-month Lilith you
should probably do that sooner rather
than later
let's start with apollyon we have the
lease done is apollyon hey Luka please
get up here into the box thank you
sgm eight super games mate TLP a two
losses please then thank you
it does not work at all alright apollyon
last run was uh actually very very good
we stomped all over the hush cat why are
you being such a big baby you sleep so
much and then you come in here while I'm
working you want so much attention you
know what you're a good boy get on my
lap okay don't think that sentence out
of context you can be on my lap while I
play Isaac people would pay good money
for that on a patreon account I'm sure
however you can not bite my hands when I
touch the keyboard this cat is so greedy
for attention he's on your lap and
you're touching the keyboard of the
mouse he will bite you on the hand it's
like that hand belongs to me you wish
buddy but I'm sorry
evolutions a cruel mistress she didn't
give you a poseable thumbs maybe you
should have thought of that before you
evolved like the ability to jump real
high yeah we'll take that now you want
to leave you're becoming a recurring
character here oh you don't want to
leave you just want to poke your head
out it's okay you know what stare at the
door apparently it's more entertaining
than the video he looked at me with the
knowledge that I just told a joke
I might be projecting a little bit
anyway okay okay we would like to be
able to get a blood bank on the next
floor the easiest way to do that is
probably by a secret room the secret
room has given me enough money to get
the blood bank on the next floor that
doesn't happen like according to plan
that often I'm extremely pleased with
that you know usually you come up with a
plan and then you know 30% of the time
it fails so you get a contingency plan
and you go through things that way this
time it just worked well grab all these
in fact we're going to have so many
spirit hearts protecting us on the next
floor that I'm little scared actually
the power that we hold you know that's
on people on my power and they won my
stage I don't know can i maybe I can
level with people can I interface with
you as if I were one of the kids people
want my power and their one masters
that's santigold
they want more station that's Santigold
go live HD 2012 from the Coachella Music
Festival festival it's not how you say
that word I've never been to the
Coachella Music Festival I have been to
the event of the hillside Music Festival
in Guelph Ontario many many famous acts
have played there I saw Japan droids
play there I did not see the Arcade Fire
play there but they did play there I've
also seen some wild stuff at hillside
drum circles yeah now it's just become
the monologue from the end of Blade
Runner glittering drum circles off the
island stage there's nothing more to say
about that I'd recommend it well so cool
town now are there many reasons to go to
Guelph except for hillside and the
tourists probably not but I think it was
a good place to live very you know
progressive thinking fire mentally
friendly close to the former
headquarters of blackberry ever happen
to them Jim Balsillie was going to buy
the Nashville Predators and now all of a
sudden nobody's using a blackberry touch
anymore I don't know her blackberry
pearl I this is a bit of an aside which
is I think important in these videos at
this point but I took an introduction to
business class in my second year of
university and it happened like right at
I'm trying to piece it together has now
been long enough that I'm like
questioning my own story and whether or
not it makes sense but it was the second
semester of my second year of university
started in like you know January of 2000
2008 and what you're supposed to do in
the class please like a class that you'd
see in a movie or a TV show depicting
college life right we got 25,000 virtual
dollars to invest and then whoever or
however you invested it in the
performance of your portfolio determined
part of your mark not all of your mark
because that would be a little
ridiculous but we'll take both here
because we can basically Wow actually
works really well unfortunately for
those of you crunching the numbers in
your head you might be seeing where this
is going that was also the dawn of the
Great Recession as it is called you know
affects still being felt to some extent
to this day basically of the 25,000
virtual dollars almost nobody made money
I believe that in a
strange twist of fate and even if this
is my memory playing tricks on me it
makes for a better punchline to this
story if I remember correctly the person
who ended up being on top of the class
leaderboard was a dude who like showed
up for the first couple classes got his
login info and then never actually
showed up from the classroom that point
onwards so his money was just kept in
cash so he finished with 25,000
meanwhile everybody else lost like 30%
of their portfolios in six weeks anyway
the point is back in the day my my
business professor very smart lady
occupied a prominent role in the local
business world she was like there is no
safer bet than black bear right now does
the wonder how she's doing she's
probably fine she had diversified income
streams besser businesswoman owned the
winery I do sometimes wonder whatever
happened to the BlackBerry investment
probably not a wise thing to joke about
you know there's a lot of love riding on
that you know a lot of people lost a ton
of money when Nortel crashes Wow okay
this is not what you tune in to these
videos for but I thought the anecdote
was at least interesting it was a weird
time to take an introduction to business
class I should have just sucked that one
up not because Bob's brain is bad but
we've had it enough recently that we
don't have to you know take Bob's brain
on every single run even though I do
sort of like it most of the time it's
not like I like you or anything and then
they say Baca is that correct
and then we all told ourselves it's all
right to spend a few more years in
school right out the recession and
cruise to that high five figures job
that everybody gets after college and
here we are thank God for YouTube anyway
it's got a big horn here I don't want to
make it too real these videos are an
escape while also being tethered to the
real world of course I'll just be
straight up with you as well is one of
the most useless courses I ever took in
my entire you know university career I
don't I didn't like taking electives I
understand it I understand you want to
produce well-rounded individuals and
especially in today's day and age a
bachelor's degree in many subjects does
not necessarily qualify you for work in
that field to a huge specialized degree
so be producing a well-rounded
individuals very important as a
secondary function of the university but
also I think I'm just going to suck this
up I want the stance it ended up working
out for us but it easily could have
messed us up as well it did give us
damages and here's though which is like
the ideal combination at the same time
though ah took so many classes because I
was borderline shoehorned into it that I
have no interest in whatsoever in
hindsight I did take one awesome class
that was like the history by the way II
really Canadian University what are
these Degrassi classes no like I took
some intense chemistry biology classes
as well but in between those there was
also like the history of popular music
where our prop would come in and you
know play some NWA and be like you know
here's the roots of early hip hop
culture early gangster rapidly suicide
landed leeway it's not really early hip
hop when you consider each Grandmaster
Flash etc it's any of the idea but I
also took econ 101 and I didn't really
resonate with that course put geography
like one Oh something what like 101 X
and the X is because I took it by
correspondence wouldn't recommend it
unless you're like really into geography
in which case go for it but I don't know
I still don't understand the study of
geography in the modern day you know I
feel about geography the way the
twitchchat feels about biology where
whenever I want to like think about what
geography entails on a professional
level in my head I'm just like what
we've discovered the whole world
one more geography is there - is there
to do we've done it
ask me where any country is I'll point
it out on a map I don't even have a
degree and I'd recognize that this is
obviously not actually what the study of
geography entails at least I recognized
that ignorance twitch chats always like
how many bones does a pike fish have
like oh I don't know I never learned it
whoa bio major we haven't seen it I
think so I'll pick it up I told you many
times what do you learn in biology show
up do your work here's how you culture
agar and then get bacteria to grow on it
you don't culture agar but here's how
you place agar in a plate and then
culture bacteria to grow on it here's
how you use the mass spectrometer here's
how to tell the gender of a fruit fly
proper dissection etiquette and then a
lot of respect for the scientific
journals in the university libraries
that's the that's the crux of the matter
right there
for those of you who might be starting
college in the in the audit I don't need
to do that after school special like go
to school or say go and go to class if
you're in school tangent that I do every
time it's gotten to the point where if
it comes up in twitch chat or if it
comes up during a stream twitch that
goes we know go to class I'm serious I
go to class you'll thank yourself you
won't you don't need to thank me I'm
giving you literal advice on the level
of like drink water consume oxygen food
fuel your metabolic processes consume
carbon for its energy you know but I'm
reiterating advice then maybe you might
have reprioritize at some point in your
life Rawdon baby this is a dream come
true and this run actually is good it's
not great it's it's borderline great
though I know this is a very confusing
sentence for me to utter in this
direction here or in this set up here
but trusting my save it's not quite
great I don't think it's too far away
from greatness what we need is I mean
honestly I wouldn't turn on my nose at
rate of fire rate of fire is 19 right
now which with triple shot is not that
bad but of course you know we're lucky
of to Shaun's land one shot landing is
the standard but if two shots lands the
dream come true but it doesn't
necessarily justify you know a tripling
of our rate of fire so it would be nice
to amp that up a little bit triple rate
of fire one third of the damage see even
the song he's only heard the
introduction of in like a movie trailer
four years ago is that in a movie
trailer if it's not from a movie trailer
I don't know how I know this song
it wasn't a high incidence of me
listening to the radio in 2012 I was
mostly recording the binding of issac on
my laptop that I brought back from Korea
he would whip me off that's a story for
another day though we can do that um we
could go to our boss trap room but for a
single regular chest I think it's not
really worth it get a nice little array
of demonic familiars though I like what
we got going on here I believe we'll
have a 100% chance for a deal with the
devil on our next floor basically what
I'm doing now is just go into the shop
or at least navigating towards the shop
the dream there wouldn't mind mr. boom
fresh things we're pronouncing five I
wouldn't mind mr. boom but we have a
battery charge in the outside because
you can suck it up but anyway I want to
donate some more money to the shop if
there's stuff worth buying we might
consider it because we do want to do
boss rush on this run but if there's no
stuff worth buying then we will not buy
anything but we will buy something
because there's chaos what a strange way
to utter that sentence paralysis doesn't
matter we still a minute and a half
ahead of schedule and we got a good
reroll or a stat roll I should say on
our void place so yeah this floor has
improved us and again I think we got
that 100% deal with the devil on the
next chord now this is what you do see
like sometimes it's been a while since
you've been in the thick of it when it
comes to Isaac yeah good damage what you
should do here is maximize your chance
of greatness by holding on to the
Hierophant card you might be able to
suck up blank card if it even exists in
the shop at this point
I don't think it does and then you know
get multiple uses out of it yeah now
that I think about I think blank card is
a shop on lock it's fair to say there's
a certain level of irony I'm getting mr.
boom in the first chest that we've
opened after asking for mr. boom
I wanted it from the boss though I
didn't necessarily want it from that
golden chest they could have given us
you know phaidor Steven or you know
infamy but didn't cost us all that much
little scheme of things I think blister
is straight-up one of the worst trinkets
in the game just amps up your knock-back
I've heard not commonly but I have heard
anecdotal tales of people who think that
knock-back is like a top tier stat I
disagree with your assessment of
knock-back I think knock-back is
relatively terrible but if you know
something I don't know then you know
more power to you in that department so
we're on danc'd EPS one two bombs gives
us three keys in a penny and well it's
actually one bomb gives us three keys in
a penny which is a great trade
previously I was going to say that we
should wait until the next floor to use
temperance but I no longer believe that
what I do believe in is poor babylon
working out well for us here in
hopefully picking up some blood bag IV
bag action don't really want IV bag I've
made the mistake 40 times to suck up IV
bag with with void
admittedly this is a ballsy play for
someone with only like 20 runs in this
game it's probably not the right move to
do this hahaha but on the other hand I'm
going to regardless because I want money
for our donation machine to take our
shop to the next level a little faster
I'm going to do it until that play
because I don't want to lose the black
card in the process so we can still use
the IV bag to get double plays here but
obviously it's not going to be quite as
incentivized now that we've cost
ourselves like five and a half spirit
hearts in the process let's stand by it
you know we got progress to make and
this is one way that we can do it
and I don't think it slowed us down too
much either bomb for three cents I think
we have to unlock lucky pennies I don't
think we've had them yet I'm pretty sure
the Lucky Penny was an on lock but like
I'm having to dig deep in the memory
banks here to remember if that is indeed
the case the faster we can get that the
better because that actually I wouldn't
say this is like an 80 or crux of my
strategy but it is important it's on the
list of things that actually matter like
monstros tooth who cares right somebody
out there is like I care you know what
I'm glad you have an item that's your
favorite that's bad because that's funny
but come on on an objective level
monstros tooth really lucky pennies
though it probably accounted over there
you know myriad runs they've been on for
like 700 lockups
so I want that aggregate effect sure we
got a range upgrade it's pretty terrible
I'm going to gamble a little bit on it
something good showing up there and it's
HP I'm going to yeah okay we turn that
into luck plus damage I think it's
positive we've had really good stat
rolls but that time we did give up HP
for it and HP could be precious here you
know what we do not have a guaranteed B
look at that well I don't know what I
was thinking they're mothers all right
thank you
Book of Shadows is worth picking up so
we'll do it this way
so now we have invincible owner oh don't
blow it up I didn't I was doing the
opposite thing that I wanted to do there
don't blow it up don't blow it up oh oh
you know that song don't turn around
not the one that goes don't turn around
I don't want to see you oh how pretty
dudes come on take me to I'm not going
to say take me to church and sing the
song too many songs this episode just
take me to 200 cents that's all I ask
it held out we're actually making really
good progress in that donation machine
but we have slowed ourselves down to the
point that boss rush is somewhat
unlikely someone less likely would be a
better way to put it
we're crushing it in the damage
Department though oh that's what we need
yeah the cancer trinket rate of fire I
guess we're at the camp and this mo
smoking pot dude I don't want to use the
Book of Shadows even though it's
probably sensible I don't want to use it
just because we could use it to steal
something good from the deal with the
devil if there is one which there is and
we have chaos so the deals the devil
stink right should have thought of that
paralysis something's wrong
you can't avoid mama mega anymore it
doesn't give you multiple effects can
you avoid the gift to get multiple
things now ask the question for another
day because that deal sucks I got the
freaking beam it could have been
anything but they gave me an item they
could have been anything and it became
an item that when you press the spacebar
it can become anything that's not really
a great deal in hindsight I messed that
one up somewhere fierce and we are now
on the low side when it comes to HP with
no response available so we do want to
basically relax remember you know we got
dark bum backing us up here you can give
us any x-rays
happy the gift does not work multiple
times I guess they've learned their
lessons it's unfortunate but to be
honest with you I understand this one
boy doesn't necessarily need the the
added benefit of being able to copy
items that can copy items even if the
fact that it's you know balancing the
single player game and that strikes me
as somewhat irrelevant I understand
where they're coming from so all of a
sudden it's looking like a terrible
decision good point
all of a sudden is looking like a
terrible decision to give up like six
spirit hearts to get IV bag on the last
floor they won't be able to take away
the fact that we did donate a bunch so
at least there is some enduring progress
but now we need to we need to play well
and remember the donation machine is
very very nice you pay into it you know
when you're young and able you draw out
of it on your runs that are more
enfeebled and right now it's probably a
situation in which we'd rather be
drawing out of it and putting into it
but if we're able to know if we're able
to put into it and still be okay we're
gonna get those dividends later anyway
so could make the sacrifice worth it
here that's a lot of verbiage for just
putting like seventy cents into a
donation machine but I got to focus on
the positive here cuz I'm finding myself
in kind of a rough spot this is what
dark bomb is here for as well well
that's the wrong direction unfortunately
we don't need to do boss rush boss rush
benefits us very little except for
progress and it may become literally
impossible very shortly but of course I
want to give it a try I can
I don't think we're going to make it I
don't think it's conceivable to make it
I'm going to try let's go we got nine
seconds it's a good step one
yeah we're not going to make it that's
fine that's fine upfront okay we can
think our way out of the situation we
missed the chest oh that was dumb we
might not be able to think our way out
of this one
you on lot something sticky in the
depths oh good super dish my favorite we
have to because you have to put it right
there a little rude wouldn't you say
made it nearly impossible to play okay
so we got the negative yeah I've
completely done this to myself that
blood bank play has honestly never
looked stupider I need to break Bob's
brain here
it's gone
I don't know how we didn't get hit at
the start of this room by the way you
might be asking yourself the same
question I found pills rested key the
garbage payout devil like a single red
heart hate this don't make me go back
please
single red heart all I ask for ever
single red heart
that's half a red heart
got to admit that's a red start as far
as I'm concerned but it's now we're
looking for
neither is umbilical cord so I think the
devil card might have saved us there so
I am patting myself on the back and
saying that that was a 10 out of 10 play
thank you for destroying the evil in the
center of the room nothin dude really
Rock tinted double rock tinted it's got
to be good okay I mean it was not risky
but my lord
you got a level with me they're pretty
smart plays to get ourselves out of the
mouth of madness there even if really
not the mouth of madness is more like
the mouth of badness because I add was
in that situation as a result of my own
moronic decision on the blood bank
earlier what do we care about this you
know we'll get a red heart maybe I'd
rather have the stats yeah hook me up
with that sweet shot speeds dead daddy I
didn't feel good saying that okay well
played
good good dodging skills there got a
double key room one of the rare
potential productive rerolls if it
happens which it didn't I still I stand
by that as being a pretty amazing couple
of well not couple of floors a pretty
amazing floor in terms of performance
didn't get hit used hour yeah adds hook
me up thank you
used are very very meager resources
properly in it looks like we're going to
be rewarded by leaving this run well
leaving this floor intact
hopefully not syntax ooh yeah okay that
was just an awful i I deserve to get hit
about four times before I got hit there
sometimes you just catch yourself in
this like you know destructive tailspin
and that's what we were in right there
we've got a pull out of it we get to get
ah stamps I forgot we had Book of
Shadows actually mapped to one of our
items as well so I'm like on void so we
really should have been using that once
every now and then it is almost too good
to use syndrome but oh okay question
mark card could have some value secret
room it fits the bill as well okay we
have one luck I'm not expecting huge
payouts here if we can get the two luck
while we play the fortune teller
okay so far has done a lot of good work
for us it's given us a luck upgrade to
make me even angrier as I squander our
remaining money before going to possibly
the hush fight okay vibrant bulb has a
certain shouldn't say qua associated
with it we're going to unfortunately
want to use void almost all the time
it's available so I don't think that in
particular this is a strong hold but
we'll see definitely we're going to make
boss rush we're going to make the hush
fight despite missing boss rush by a lot
we don't really want to go back there as
you do for me could be worse I don't
know I kind of think we're better off
just such a meager Tears upgrade all
three of these are like almost in the
same camp right now I think I think we
take this because at full charge is
probably a pretty nice all sets up
there's one of our like three spirit
arts squandered already you know what
yeah we'll get it charged for fighting
mom let's do that
and then we'll just try not to use void
until it has to happen I mean this next
room could be our last room is the thing
because of the way that the game is
structured at this point the thing is it
ah no and none of these are worth it
either but the thing is you're going to
be like you should do what it's new that
is a saving that's something we're going
to save for when it becomes more easily
done I mean even this situation we put
ourselves in here is kind of a nightmare
like we got a beat hush or at least
attempt to beat hush without a whole
heck of a lot going for us I don't think
we're about to get spun we only have one
syringe so we'll take science shouldn't
have done that if you want to be able to
go into our shop now we can do it
definitely but for a second there's but
I didn't mean to pick up that half red
heart all you burn me good that hurts so
Guppies tale irrelevant to a club's
quite nice I'm going to donate enough
money to get you to 200 hopefully so at
least you make some progress there
level 3 store upgrade I'm happy to see
that
[Music]
I mean this is the end I think we blow
this up see what we get lockdown two of
those that's a good start all righty
we're probably not going to use bombs on
hush so let's do the like next-level
strat of trying to find a crawlspace
flash black market
could find oh we found it get out of
here it's a crawl space with three
pennies inside of it you've got to get
yourself three pennies got yourself
stuck in in the home and I guess we will
use bombs because they're sad bombs but
anyway what's the game plan you should
use the void against the hush when you
know you're going to win you can use the
question mark card at any moment to give
yourself probably a pretty nice
permanent polaroid period of
invincibility except it won't be
polaroid it'll be from Book of Shadows
but still same function different name
the other thing is we definitely should
have taken Tarot cloth
but this would be a big wing because if
there's there's nothing saying that this
had to be a win we did throw away more
HP than we should have
without a doubt right on a limb and say
that no in the future you might want to
throw away 0 HP instead of what we threw
away which was not zero HP not at all
however a win here would be nice a loss
I think I would just I would shrug my
shoulders I'd be like you know what I
did it to myself we could have had max
HP or close to max HP for this fight but
instead I I went to the ballsy decision
and it was actually very very super
lesson learned and you know a lesson
learned is a lesson earn man I don't
know what that means
I've done the crime and now I'll do the
time that's an expression it sort of
makes sense
eight of these back well that one was a
little scary app that pretty much
directly contributed to me taking damage
right there well it's going to be close
we're about halfway through the fight
he's about halfway through his HP a
little bit more than half way now but
you know the sample size is small enough
here that all dude that was clutches
pretty fly I want you to know that I
knew what I was doing there I saw the
pretty fly and I thought maybe there was
a chance I could get back to where I
needed to go wow that's basically just
the epitome of a dick move oh I really
thought that wasn't going to catch me
well you know why you got me fair play
hush fair play for now we at least got
something new done is apollyon maybe
nope thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed it if you did click on like
button
how's that a great deal and of course
subscribe you won't see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time